welcome to the man of recaps this is
West world season 1 meet Dolores she
lives in the old timey American West
with her father the rancher and her life
is just amazing she lives near the town
of Sweetwater and one day doing some
shopping drops a can picked up by this
handsome gunslinger with the heart of
gold Teddy they have an amazing date but
that night her father is shot and killed
by the notorious milk bandit Teddy takes
him out because he's the man
but there's one bandit left the man in
black unfortunately he is immune to
bullets what so he shoots Teddy and
drags Dolores into the shed to rape her
but Dolores wakes up the next day like
nothing ever happened it's all back to
normal how well she's living in a theme
park called West world and she is a
robot person Wow
that's right West world is a giant
futuristic amusement park where wealthy
tourists get to come and live in the
American West for a while and it's
populated by these incredibly realistic
synthetic humans they call hosts they
basically 3d print them and dip them in
milk their brains are programmed a lot
like computers and this is the head of
behavior Bernard he's very excited
because they've just introduced a new
feature to make them more lifelike
called reveries basically give them a
little bit of memory of past events you
know junior program RLC is like isn't
giving the memories a really bad idea
and he's like no no I'm sure it'll be
fine but some of the hosts start bugging
out and the milk bandits go way off
script so Bernard goes to see dr. Robert
Ford the mysterious founder of Westworld
Bernards like hey I think we gotta scale
back the reveries it's like yeah that's
probably a good idea but the damage may
have been done
dolorous his dad found this photograph
of a woman in Times Square in New York
dolores says that doesn't look like
anything to me that's their program
response when they see something they're
not supposed to but her dad like freaks
out into a seizure and he whispers into
her ear these violent delights have
violent ends now that's just a
Shakespeare quote it doesn't mean
anything
so Dolores runs to town to get help but
who are these guys riding in it's Hector
sexiest bandit in the West he's here to
steal the safe from the saloon he and
his gang ride into town every weekend
cause a great palpable ooh it's a big
attraction everyone's favorite the young
head of story Lea Sizemore is very
excited about the new speech he's
written for Hector but just as he's
about to deliver it he gets shot in the
neck by some dumb tourists these people
later they're checking on Delores his
dad and he starts saying some real
creepy apocalyptic stuff but dr. Ford's
like oh don't worry he's just pulling
script
an old character he used to play he used
to be a creased cannibal preacher those
were the good old days but the head of
quality control Teresa is like look he's
broken oh we gotta retire him so they
walk him down to the freezer which is
full of all the old retired hosts I
can't show cuz they're naked they were
placed Delores his dad with some random
dude she doesn't notice and she's
cleared to go back to the park because
she's acting fine but she's able to swat
a fly which is against her core
programming harm no living thing
now meet William his coworker and
soon-to-be brother-in-law Logan is
taking him to West's world as a bachelor
party we get to see the futuristic
entrance with mana rails and stuff they
have a hot girl help you get into
costume and Jimmy's like wait a sec are
you a robot and she's like if you can't
tell the difference does it really
matter by the way I'm totally down for
sex and he's like oh okay you're a robot
I'm engaged no thanks the final step is
choosing your hat white or black
Williams echoes this is symbolic
decision about the nature of our
innermost cells she's like what no dude
it's just a hat pick one William chooses
white hat cuz he's a real good guy Logan
makes fun of him he likes Westworld cuz
he can give in to his darkest impulses
one morning Williams sees Dolores drop
her can and he rushes in to hand it to
her before Teddy does it's a really good
meet cute but it's less cute a different
day when the cans picked up by the man
in black he's like don't worry Loris no
rape today I've got something different
plan he's out in the desert torturing
this random guy see he's discovered a
secret side quest called
the maze and whatever the first clue was
it seems to get the second he has to
scalp this guy what sure enough the next
clues on the guy's scalp and he's like
wow this quest is hardcore for the next
step he needs to famed outlaw Lawrence
who was about to be hanged he's like
sorry Lana and I need this guy who
shoots him all up he takes Lawrence back
to his family but then he's like hey
tell me about the next part of the maze
or I kill them Lawrence is like I don't
think so amigo I've got my cousin's here
to help me out man in blacks like dude I
live for this but mommy stabs him and
goes crazy bust him up of course it's
not fair because real humans can't get
hurt in West's world but his skills are
still really impressive so the man in
black shoots his wife and that triggers
the daughter to be like the maze isn't
meant for you he's like dang this quest
is really hardcore she tells him that he
needs to go find the snake by the river
so he and Lawrence set off to do that
William is still on the level one intro
quests of stopping the escaped convict
he sucks though so he gets shot but he
shoots the guy back and wins because of
course real humans can't get to hurt in
West world it just stings a little bit
the quest reward is a free night with
the hot prostitute he saved but he's
like still no robots
still engaged thanks though he wants to
go off and do some more beginner bounty
quests and Logan's like wow that's super
boring but if you want it's your
bachelor party
speaking of quests Lea Sizemore is
launching a whole new storyline it's
gonna be epic but forward steps in he's
like know your story sucks I'm gonna
make my own in fact he's planning to
reboot an old story line from this
buried village in the desert else he's
been following up on the weird behavior
of the malfunctioning hosts turns out a
lot of them were talking to someone
named Arnold Bernhard asks for do you
know what that means it's like oh of
course Arnold was my old partner we
founded this park together see in the
early days they were working to make the
hosts truly conscious but they never
quite got there one of the things Arnold
tried was coding in an internal dialogue
with him that's why the malfunctioning
hosts reverted to that old code Bernards
like okay well what happened to Arnold
oh he died in the park in a mysterious
accident we don't talk about okay
another problem comes up a random host
has wandered off so else he checks it
out with the head of security Luke
Hemsworth he's like what up girl romance
subplot she's like mole no thanks I'm
into chicks so they find this group of
hosts in an endless loop unable to cook
their dinner because the host that
wandered off is the only one authorized
to use the axe for chopping firewood
they find him stuck in this ditch but
then he goes crazy he's gonna smash
Elsie with any bashes his own head which
is creepy but a lot better now Teddy
story is pretty boring so dr. Ford
decides to give him a big part in his
new storyline the new villain is Wyatt
an army commander who went crazy and
massacred his own regiment Teddy was
there that day and managed to get away
so now he's hunting down Wyatt but he
gets ambushed and that night taken
prisoner but now and allures the story
when the milk bandits come she has no
one to save her and she's getting pulled
into the barn to get raped again but
this time she finds a gun that she was
mysteriously compelled to hide there
earlier and she shoots the guy and runs
off into the distance stumbling into the
camp of William the man in black is
hunting snakes by the river but when he
sees this girl's tattoo he realizes
that's the one her name is armistice and
she's part of Hector's gang man in
blacks I can't want to join the gang
they're like no we're full up so he
shoots one of them he's like now you got
an open spot that works he figures he
needs the story behind her tattoos and
she's like I'll tell you if you rescue
Hector from prison so he gets himself
arrested for something and locked up in
the cell with Hector he's like hey man
I've been coming here for years I never
really talked to you what's your deal
he's like life is a lie nothing matters
and it's like yeah you're more right
than you know so he busts him out of
there outside Lawrence is gonna be
executed again but a
and he's saved by the man in black so he
gets Hector back to camp and arms this
is like fine these tattoos are all the
men that killed my family and the head
of the snake is Wyatt who Dolores is
tagging along with William on his bounty
Quest the NPC guide is like all right
guys we got to sneak in there real
stealthy Logan's like I got a better
idea
bust in there guns blazing hell yeah now
this is a bachelor party the guy that
captured is like ain't my boss l Lazo
will pay a lot more than the bounty on
my head
the sheriff's like shut up but Logan
shoots him he's like yeah we're taking
the bad option on this one I've heard
about the ELA so quest it's supposed to
be the coolest in the game I had no idea
this guy was the key now it's time you
meet Maeve the head girl at the town
brothel much earlier she was like what's
up Delores until horses like these
violent delights have violent ends that
meaningless code phrase again but that
makes her start having dreams about a
past life where she had a daughter and
one day where the man in black came to
kill her so she's counting backwards
from 3:00 to wake herself up and it
works except she's on an operating table
she was brought in for some maintenance
but freaks out runs off and sees what
must seem like literally hell before
they will to subdue her again and after
this she continues to have visions of
when she's dead and the cleanup crew
that comes she feels compelled to draw
these strange creatures and she's like
this is weird I'm gonna hide it under my
floorboards where there's a whole stack
of them what's going on
one day when some natives come to town a
little girl drops a toy that looks
exactly like her creature next time
Hector comes to town she grabs him she's
like let's talk you're half native right
what's up with those things he's like
they are these Shepherds between our
world and the afterlife she's like okay
now for my second request I remember
being shot right here can you see if
there's a bullet in me he's a girl here
my kind of crazy poom stabs her and
pulls out a bullet they're like ah life
is a lie nothing matters and they go out
in a blaze of glory the man in black is
hunting for Wyatt and he finds Teddy
strapped to a tree still alive but he's
lost a lot of blood fortunately Lawrence
is a universal donor so they get Teddy
feeling better he's like yo Teddy take
me to Wyatt they need to cross the
border to Mexico but Teddy gets
recognized see his dark past is that at
the Wyatt Massacre he followed orders
and helped Wyatt Massacre the troops but
he's on a mission now so he shoots up
all these other troops and they're on
their way also in Mexico are william and
crew logan reveals this isn't just a
bachelor party their company is actually
thinking of buying Westworld but then
they meet allah so who is lawrence looks
like the men in black killed him just in
time for him to resent the beginning of
his story their first quest is to hijack
some wagon
explosive liquid which a lhasa was
selling to a group of old Confederate
soldiers that Confederate owes their
like yeah we're gonna use this to blow
up a bunch mitt skins Lawrence is like
you realize I'm Mexican right but
they're all friends for now they have a
giant orgy party which I can't show any
of cuz it is so much nudity Logan gets
drunk and tells William he's a huge
loser who's not good enough for his
sister so these two have a little fight
floors meanwhile it's been having
strange visions and is losing their grip
on reality but she does see Alonso
putting the explosives in a dead body
and replacing the real explosives with
tequila
she's like William L Lazo was betraying
the Confederate owes we gotta bail
before we're caught in the middle
Williams like yeah actually I just got
bored this quest is kind of lame and
she's like no please William I love you
and they make out so when the
Confederate O's are playing a dangerous
game of hot potato they drop it and
nothing explodes they realized they were
portrayed and Blaine Logan these do find
Logan getting beat up but William knows
he's in no real danger and thinks Logan
could use a beating so they decide to
bail on him but they get cornered too
until Dolores goes into beast mode and
shoots him all up who knew she had that
in her they hop a train and find Alonzo
and she's like he'll blow us all up if
we can't join you he's like alright fine
that's fine Dolores and William talk
she's like I really think I love you
he's like uh no robot sex and I'm
engaged I screw it what happens in West
world stays in West world but the train
gets stopped the Confederate OHS got out
ahead of them so they send out a
surrender but it's the dead body filled
with explosives
boom boom exploded and Dolores finds a
big ol canyon which she's been painting
from memory how is that possible she's
got to find out where it goes now Maeve
has found herself with a bit of a death
wish now that she knows deaths not real
she can just wake up she's befriended
this text Sylvester the other tech is
like we should probably report this but
she manages to threaten him and disdain
quiet she has them pull up her stats
chart and she's like here max everything
please so they do it and she's like I
know kung fu meanwhile else he's been
following up on rock smash guy looks
like he's got a secret transmitter in
him someone's been stealing Westworld
secrets looks like we got ourselves a
corporate espionage subplot so Bernard
looks into it he finds some unregistered
hosts in a house that's not marked on
the map inside you find some hosts and
this guy looks like the one from the
photo it's his business partner Arnold
dr. Ford shows up he's like I know it's
bad they're not registered but they're
just people from my past it's a personal
project else he follows a different lead
and discovers the one stealing the data
is none other than Teresa the Quality
Control director whom Bernard had been
sleeping with until she called it off
recently
but unfortunately for Elsie
perhaps her own oh by the way Westworld
has an awesome pool and since his story
got canceled this guy's been drinking
away his sorrows there one day he sees
this super hottie and he's like hey two
drinks for us and they're like dude you
are cut off so he steals a bottle and
then goes and pisses all over the
control room it turns out the hottie was
Charlotte Hale from the Board of
Directors she has a meeting with Teresa
aware she's got Hector tied to the bed
it's like oh don't mind him I was just
having some fun but turns out Teresa was
stealing the data for the board see dr.
Ford had it in his contract from way
back that all the IP stays at Westworld
under his control the board wants to use
it for more than just a western theme
park so they're trying to get it out she
wants to force Ford's retirement so they
staged this thing where they have a host
go crazy and they blame it on Bernard
they fire him Bernard is like he'll that
was some BS but if I'm out you should at
least know about Ford's secret house
where he has a secret hosts so Bernard
brings her there she's like what's
behind this door he's like what door
this one right here
turns out it's a secret lab where Ford
is continuing to build secret house
she's like Bernard what's this he's like
hmm doesn't look like anything to me Oh
what Bernard is a host Oh
Porte comes down he's like yeah sorry
bro you're a robot he's like I can't be
what about my backstory with my son or
it's like okay stop emotions please oh
yeah I'm a robot
Teresa is like dude this is not okay you
are getting fired and he's like hmm I
don't think so and he has Bernard kill
her nah Bernard is super pissed but fort
has complete control over makes him calm
down he's like wait have you made me
kill anyone before it's like no
definitely not it's like well that's
weird cuz I have this weird memory of
strangling Elsie oh let me just delete
that there we go so they find Theresa's
body they say she slipped and fell while
doing some corporate espionage so
Charlotte's like hey the board needs a
new inside manly Sizemore's like I'm
your guy they go down to the body
freezer and the new plan is to upload
all the data into one of the retired
hosts and sneak him out of there like a
walking hard drive meanwhile May Eve has
max stats she's now smart enough to
reprogram herself and remove the
restrictions on hurting humans I
shouldn't kill him though just patch him
up and next time Hector comes to town
she tests out giving commands to other
hosts and with the sheriff gone Hector
for the first time ever is able to
actually steal to say she's brought in
for strange behavior and Bernard back at
work is checking her stats like what the
f happened here she grabs him because
she can't be shut down anymore she's
like hey do you know that you're a robot
too he's like what that's crazy I'm not
see saw motor functions Oh I guess
robot she's like yep sorry hon you're
one of us and for the second day in a
row he has to process that his entire
life is a lie
Hector and his gang are celebrating in
the woods but made tracks him down and
saves him from the storylines end where
all of the gang shoots each other for
the treasure she's like our world isn't
real come with me to hell and let's Rob
the gods blind he's like a girl you're
my kind of crazy when she lights the
tent on fire so they burned to death he
has second thoughts but decides to go
along with it the man in black tracking
down Wyatt they find this girl who is
prisoner oh hey aren't you the host from
the entrance I guess you were reassigned
for this story then they fight a
Minotaur which ties into the whole maze
symbolism when the man in black lassos
him that triggers Teddy's remember him
dragging off Dolores
so Teddy punches him out and ties him up
man the black explains that hey in the
real world I'm a pretty nice guy I'm
only a psychopath in West world where
it's not real and one day he was pushing
the limits of how evil he could be he
found Maebh in her old storyline with
her daughter and killed her and pulled
blood in front of her but surprise Mei
fought back and actually almost killed
him seems like the trauma fractured her
core coding and let her break through
all limitations and for a moment she was
truly sentient Lord managed to shut that
down real quick but in any case it was
that day the men in black found the maze
Teddy's like I have no idea what you're
talking about I'm just gonna shoot you
for hurting Dolores but it's like now
you can't and he's like oh I guess I can
this girl those stabs Teddy turns out
she was bait for why it's game she's
like Teddy do you remember when you shot
up the regiment it wasn't soldiers it
was innocent townspeople I was there you
shot me he's like what now I don't
remember so she stabs him she's like a
maybe next life man had blacks like this
quest is going off the rails quick they
leave him with a noose tied to his horse
they can't kill him directly but this is
a clever way to get around that he
manages to survive and who should show
up but Charlotte Hale she's like huh you
have some strange hobbies turns out he
is on the board also she wants to talk
about forcing Ford out but he's like
look this is my vacation no talking
business William in Dolores followed the
canyon to this little town where Dolores
remembers all the hosts getting dance
lessons but then she remembers everyone
dead and trying to shoot herself which
William stops her from doing he's like
what what are you doing this whole town
is buried what's going on Dolores is
like I have no idea what's going on and
most viewers are right there with her
they get captured though by Logan who
has managed to join the Confederate oohs
Williams like look man I'm in love with
Dolores she's a real person Logan's like
what did you
get that you're engaged to my sister
also Dolores not a real person she's all
of robot stuff inside he's gonna kill
her but she manages to escape and
Williams like Wow
you're right I got lost in West world
man I'm sorry let's get this bachelor
party back on track but in the morning
all the Confederates are brutally
slaughtered and Williams like they're
just robots right it doesn't matter
he's like look man robot or not I love
Dolores and we're gonna find her Dolores
ran off to an old church which she
remembers from back in the day she used
to go down to the secret room right now
it's all abandoned but she remembers a
young doctor Ford having a big argument
with Arnold currently an old doctor Ford
is having an argument with Bernard about
him being a robot it's like we're doing
this again it's like look man unlock all
my memories it's like all right if you
want and the big revelation is that he
was in the picture he couldn't see it
before because he is modeled after
Arnold dr. Freud's like well enjoy that
by the way I still a complete control
over you shoot yourself in the head
we'll start fresh in the morning so the
church basement is where Dolores used to
meet with the real Arnold he would have
her read books and stuff to try to
become truly conscious in the present
though it's abandoned so she goes back
up and who should find her but the man
in black she takes him out back where
she finds buried the maze when she first
found it years ago
Arnold explained that consciousness
wasn't like a pyramid it was like a maze
of self-discovery she's like I don't I
don't really get it he's like don't
worry no one does but what this means is
that you're truly alive man and blacks
like what does this mean and he smacks
her around she's like my William will
come save me and he's like you're
William William is out looking for
Dolores and he's shooting down everyone
in his path he wanders for a long time
and eventually ties Logan naked to a
horse it's like you know I don't like
you I'm gonna take over the company so
he sends him off where he theoretically
survives but like gets disinherited I
don't know finally Willy makes it back
to town and finds Dolores they're
dropping cans just like always but when
some other scrub picks it up and she
acts like everything's normal he
realizes oh she's not alive she's just a
robot and that's when he became the man
in black that's right the whole season
followed two separate time frames her
original journey with William and then
her retracing those steps again in the
present she's like wow man you got old
also you raped me so she beats him up
get some vengeance she's gonna shoot him
and he's like go on do it I want you to
be alive for real but she can't so he
stabs her just then Teddy rides in and
saves her when he wakes up dr. Ford is
there in at
Sedo Williams like so I solved the maze
I guess what did it all mean
for it's like honestly I have no idea
that mace was Arnold's thing come on
come to the party so Teddy and Dolores
rides off and she dies in his arms in
the moonlight and boom and scene this
was all the presentation of Ford's new
storyline for the board and the
investors but down in the labs maybe is
having the bomb in her spine that would
explode if she ever left the premises
removed so when she wakes up it's like
time to party a powered down Hector is
getting molested by a creepy tech but
she turns him on and gives him the power
to kill humans arms dis is their - and
it's like come on guys let's bust out of
here first they find a temporarily dead
Bernard and Sylvester's like oh my god
am i a robot too
it's like no man no no you're not she
brings Bernard back online and has him
check her programming that even she
can't access he's like um I have bad
news for you you're a whole escape plan
it's not your idea someone programmed it
into you he's like no way I've got free
will I do what I want they continue
escaping they go through samurai world
which is fun they shut down the power
but when security comes Hector and
Armistice have automatic weapons which
they like a lot more than six shooters
armistice gets her arm caught in the
door and it's like sorry girl we got to
leave you and after credits scene though
we do see that she survived they make it
to the elevator but Hector stopped short
she's like sorry boo I'm the only one
going on this trip you're super sexy
though I'll miss you and he's like God
betraying me at the very end girl you're
my kind of crazy
no Sylvester tracked down the hosts that
used to be Maeve's daughter and maids
like you know that's not my real
daughter it's just part of a storyline
I'm leaving her then she's like now
actually I'm going back for her hooray
elsewhere a Ford is talking to Bernard
and Dolores decides it's time for the
full backstory see when Arnold decided
that the hosts were truly alive he was
like we can't open a theme park where
you get sexed and killed that's way
uncool so he figured he would have
Dolores mattis occur all the other hosts
and that incident would be enough to
keep the park from opening and so the
story of Wyatt was based on the story of
Dolores and Teddy was there to helping
her they murdered everyone else but
those were just robots for it is gonna
open the park anyway so Arnold decided a
human had to die she programmed Dolores
so she could hurt humans and had her
kill him no of course Ford swept it
under the rug and opened the park anyway
but then Ford's like look maybe I made a
mistake back then what I'm gonna do is
leave this gun right here and not tell
you what to do or program you at all
Bernard's like okay so wait a second I'm
confused what is your motivation here
and for it's like I don't know it's up
for debate so down in the basement
Dolores has
of self-discovery where she realizes I
think therefore I am boom consciousness
I guess upstairs the big shareholders
party is going down for it's like I hope
you like that last storyline cuz my new
ones gonna be even crazier and Dolores
comes up boom shoots him in the head
earlier Charlotte sent Lee to get the
host with the data and smuggle him out
but he gets there the freezers empty
where are the hosts they're coming out
of the woods and they have real guns men
in blacks like Holly
this is what I'm talking about and
Dolores is cold-bloodedly murdering the
board of directors and that's how season
1 comes to an end
[Music]